{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10200\viewh11200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AtomicParsley buglist:\
\
\'a5 Mac OS X only - if you limit images by file size AND embed a png, an extra step (of Cocoa re-exporting the file virtually identically) occurs instead of embedding the original image.\
\
* ALL - some or all ateme encodings may tag properly, but iTunes won't pick them up. Even copying the hex of the entire udta hierarchy from a working file won't help. It seems these can be detected in iTunes showing a bitrate of 'unknown'. Oddly enough, QT Player can detect the tags. They are still in beta, so this should be taken into consideration.\
\
\'a5 ALL - a maximum limit of around 4GB is artificially in place - AtomicParsley won't work very much beyond that size.\
\
\'a5 native win32 - output redirected to a file may have mixed utf8 & mixed utf16le encodings.\
\
\'a5 native win32 - Win98SE & later may require a Microsoft extension to enable unicode.\
\
\'a5 native win32 - the \uc0\u256  (capital A with macron utf16 0x0100) is not allowed by cmd.exe. If entered anywhere on the command line, cmd.exe will error out before AtomicParsley even starts.\
\
\'a5 native win32 - the maximum path (directories, filename & "-temp-xxxx" appendage) has been fixed at MAXPATHLEN=255 bytes. If you tag a file in a deeply buried folder with a very long filename, you may come up against this limit. You should hear a beep if AtomicParsley thinks your file will go over this limit and exit without altering the file. This may become drastically shorter with unicode text under Win32 (where each glyph consumes 2 bytes).\
\
\'a5 *nixen - the assumption is that the OS is utf8 enabled. No testing is done for this.\
\
------------------\
Cygwin notes (binaries for cygwin are no longer distributed; legacy info):\
\
\'a5 cygwin - the only way to enter utf8 text is via directly entering the hex. cygwin isn't natively capable of unicode text. A way around the problem is here:\
http://atomicparsley.sourceforge.net/unicodecygwin.html\
\
It would seem not all installs are created equal. I have experienced this myself under emulation, as has another user. Some mirrors selected in setup.exe cause problems for AtomicParsley. If you have trouble getting AtomicParsley do do much of anything except spit out errors, try reinstalling using this mirror I installed and compiled under:\
\
mirrors.kernel.org}